Prepare defmt-decoder 1.1.0 release (#1028)
knurling-rs/defmt: decoder/README.md

## MSRV

> The minimum supported Rust version is 1.83. `defmt` is tested against the latest stable Rust version and the MSRV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`defmt` crates are tested against the latest stable Rust version and the MSRV.
```

to highlight that it's not *just* the main `defmt` crate.
would be the same for the other README's as well

Author: Yeah, I've clarified this.
